Release v1.0.0 (#1148)
fluxcd/source-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 1.0.0

**Release date:** 2023-07-03

> This is the first stable release of the controller.

Author: Very happy to take suggestions here. Do not have my best writers hat on today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first stable release of the controller. From now on, this controller follows the [Flux 2 release cadence and support pledge](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/blob/main/docs/release/controllers.md).
```

Reviewer 2: The release cadence will be here https://deploy-preview-1543--fluxcd.netlify.app/flux/releases/ Maybe we need to merge the website PR first. We could also mention SLSA provenance from https://deploy-preview-1530--fluxcd.netlify.app/flux/security/slsa-assessment/

> It includes several minor changes that primarily focus on addressing forgotten

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes several minor changes that primarily focus on addressing forgotten
```

Reviewer 2: The release cadence will be here https://deploy-preview-1543--fluxcd.netlify.app/flux/releases/ Maybe we need to merge the website PR first.
